[17.0][OU-ADD] payment_paypal: Nothing to do (#4996)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/payment_paypal/17.0.2.0/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

---Models in module 'payment_paypal'---
---Fields in module 'payment_paypal'---
payment_paypal / payment.provider         / paypal_seller_account (char)  : DEL
payment_paypal / payment.provider         / paypal_use_ipn (boolean)      : DEL

> # NOTHING TO DO: feature was removed in https://github.com/odoo/odoo/pull/104974

Reviewer: Give meaningful information for the nothing to do

```suggestion
# NOTHING TO DO: only informational fields, but not used for payment transactions itself. More info of the removal in https://github.com/odoo/odoo/pull/104974
```

Author: Done
